content/pages/about_me.md, before:

---
title: About Me
---

## Presentation

I am a software engineer who tries to keep an eye on every aspect of the information technology spectrum.

I aim to design elegant, maintainable and reusable software systems and deploy those using DevOps practices.

## Career

During my career, I experienced working in multiple environments, from startups to a research laboratory.

My experience in reverse chronological order can be summarized as follows:

 - __Software engineering consultant__ at [SFEIR](https://www.sfeir.com/)
   <img style="position:relative;width:140px;height:80px;" src="/images/sfeir_logo.png" alt="Logo SFEIR">
 - __Software engineer__ and __Technical leader__ at [Scaleway](https://www.scaleway.com/)
   <img style="position:relative;width:140px;height:80px;" src="/images/scaleway_logo.svg" alt="Logo Scaleway">
 - __Research Engineer__ at [Inria](https://inria.fr/)
   <img style="position:relative;width:140px;height:80px;" src="/images/inria_logo.png" alt="Logo Inria">

You can find my complete resume on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/antoine-veuiller/)
or as a [PDF File](https://drive.google.com/file/d/18Lm4dn1O8c_p7bGqfuzS1TnvGb3LntGc/view).

Commit message:

feat(about): improve about me section

content/pages/about_me.md, after:

---
title: About Me
---

## Presentation

I am a software engineer specialized in backend development who tries to keep an eye on every aspect
of the information technology spectrum.

I aim to design elegant, maintainable and reusable software systems and deploy those using DevOps practices.

## Opensource

I try to redistribute to the opensource community as often as possible.
Here is an extract of repositories I created:

- [Use JavaScript in Android with ease](https://github.com/APISENSE/rhino-android)!
- [Deploy an Influx database on the fly to test your java code](https://github.com/APISENSE/embed-influxDB)!

## Blogging

In the same fashion as for open source, I aim to spread knowledge as much as possible.
I already wrote a few articles, and am still actively looking for subject to write about.

You can find my articles on [the website home page](/)!

## Career

I tried to experience as much work environments as possible.
At first, I wanted to find somewhere I would feel well; then it evolved to curiosity as each environment gave me new perspectives.
Thanks to that, I feel that I can be comfortable in any company size, and work on almost every subject around software engineering.

My experience in reverse chronological order can be summarized as follows:

 - __Software engineering consultant__ at [SFEIR](https://www.sfeir.com/)
   <img style="position:relative;width:140px;height:80px;" src="/images/about_me/sfeir_logo.png" alt="Logo SFEIR">
 - __Software engineer__ and __Technical leader__ at [Scaleway](https://www.scaleway.com/)
   <img style="position:relative;width:160px;height:80px;" src="/images/about_me/scaleway_logo.svg" alt="Logo Scaleway">
 - __Research Engineer__ at [Inria](https://inria.fr/)
   <img style="position:relative;width:160px;height:80px;" src="/images/about_me/inria_logo.png" alt="Logo Inria">
 - __System Administration Intern__ at [Worldline](https://uk.worldline.com/en/home.html)
   <img style="position:relative;width:200px;height:60px;" src="/images/about_me/worldline_logo.png" alt="Logo Inria">

You can find my complete resume on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/antoine-veuiller/)
or as a [PDF File](https://drive.google.com/file/d/18Lm4dn1O8c_p7bGqfuzS1TnvGb3LntGc/view).
